Update default config (#15)
Unleash/unleash-client-nextjs: README.md

This package will attempt to load configuration from
[Next.js Environment variables](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/environment-variables).

When using Unleash **client-side**, with `<FlagProvider />` or `getFrontendFlags()` configure:

  - `NEXT_PUBLIC_UNLEASH_FRONTEND_API_URL`. URL should end with `/api/frontend` or `/proxy`

>   - `NEXT_PUBLIC_UNLEASH_FRONTEND_API_TOKEN` [client-side Unleash token](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys#front-end-tokens)

Reviewer: If you're using the proxy, won't this be a proxy client key instead?

Something like this, maybe?

```suggestion
  - `NEXT_PUBLIC_UNLEASH_FRONTEND_API_TOKEN` [client-side API token](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys#front-end-tokens) if you're using the front-end API, or a [proxy client key](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys#proxy-client-keys) if you're using a proxy
```

If using **server-side** (SSR, SSG, API), using `getDefinitions()` and `evaluateFlags()`, set:

  - `UNLEASH_SERVER_API_URL` of you instance. URL should end with `/api`

>   - `UNLEASH_SERVER_API_TOKEN` [server-side Unleash client token](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys#client-tokens)

Reviewer: Just adding this to stay consistent with my suggestion above. I think API token sounds better (and is more accurate) than Unleash token, but I'm happy to discuss this.

```suggestion
  - `UNLEASH_SERVER_API_TOKEN` [server-side API client token](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys#client-tokens)
```

#### Detailed explanation

| Prefixable     | Variable                     | Default                                                   |
| -------------- | ---------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------- |
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_` | `UNLEASH_SERVER_API_URL`     | `http://localhost:4242/api`                               |

> | `NEXT_PUBLIC_` | `UNLEASH_FRONTEND_API_URL`   | `<(NEXT_PUBLIC_)UNLEASH_SERVER_API_URL>` `/frontend`      |

Reviewer: What does the default mean here? Does it append `/frontend` to the server API url? Maybe we can express that more clearly by joining the two strings?

```suggestion
| `NEXT_PUBLIC_` | `UNLEASH_FRONTEND_API_URL`   | `<(NEXT_PUBLIC_)UNLEASH_SERVER_API_URL>/frontend`      |
```

};
```

> Optional configuration is available with `config` prop. It will take priority over environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can configure the `FlagProvider` with the `config` prop. It will take priority over environment variables.
```

```jsx
<FlagProvider
  config={{

>     url: "http://localhost:4242/api/frontend", // this will override NEXT_PUBLIC_UNLEASH_FRONTEND_API_URL
>     clientKey: "<Frontend_API_token>", // NEXT_PUBLIC_UNLEASH_FRONTEND_API_TOKEN
>     appName: "nextjs", // NEXT_PUBLIC_UNLEASH_APP_NAME

Reviewer: How about adding an "overrides" to each line, so that it clear what it does?

```suggestion
    url: "http://localhost:4242/api/frontend", // replaces NEXT_PUBLIC_UNLEASH_FRONTEND_API_URL
    clientKey: "<Frontend_API_token>", // replaces NEXT_PUBLIC_UNLEASH_FRONTEND_API_TOKEN
    appName: "nextjs", // replaces NEXT_PUBLIC_UNLEASH_APP_NAME
```

With same access as in the client-side example above you can resolve Unleash feature flags when building static pages.

```tsx
import {
  flagsClient,
  getDefinitions,
  evaluateFlags,

>   // getFrontendFlags,

Reviewer: Can we update the comment in the code from 

`/* Or with Proxy/Frontend API */` to something like this
`/* Or with the proxy/front-end API (remember to uncomment the getFrontendFlags import) */`?

Author: I'll leave it uncommented. Unused variable isn't a big deal when copy-pasting examples.

The same approach will work for [ISR (Incremental Static Regeneration)](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/data-fetching/incremental-static-regeneration).

> Both `getDefinitions()` and `getFrontendFlags()` can take arguments overriding URL, token and other request parameters.

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand this. How? Are the methods documented anywhere? Do we have examples? Ideally, I'd like a full API reference (where the API is everything exposed by this SDK [something akin to this semi-random [rust crate doc](https://docs.rs/clap/latest/clap/struct.Arg.html#implementations)]) but that may be a bit heavy for now (and not something we want to write by hand), so maybe we can find a middle ground?

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2625371/217311152-854e5f48-5276-4c45-894c-b1d1f051db0e.png)

We can choose something and add it to the README later. I think TS is fine at this stage.

Reviewer: Sure, I can jive with that for now. Is there an auto-doc generation tool for typescript? Do you know?

## Known limitation

- In current interation server-side SDK does not support metrics.

> - Server-side SDK does not support "Hostname" or "IP" strategy. Use custom context field and constraints instead.

Reviewer: So do these strategies work client-side?

```suggestion
- When used server-side, this SDK does not support the "Hostname" and "IP" strategies. Use custom context fields and constraints instead.
```
